b u n e	ungrammatical
m e dʒ a	ungrammatical
l e k a	ungrammatical
l i j e	grammatical
z y b i	ungrammatical
t y ɡ ø	grammatical
v e d ø	grammatical
h y z ø	grammatical
t e t e	grammatical
l ɯ ʎ o	grammatical
j ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
h ø n y	grammatical
ɟ y j y	grammatical
d a h ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ l e	ungrammatical
n a s o	grammatical
r a h ɯ	grammatical
z y n i	ungrammatical
s i f o	ungrammatical
dʒ y r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i n y	ungrammatical
r ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u n o	grammatical
m a tʃ e	ungrammatical
l ø k u	ungrammatical
k i t e	grammatical
k o d o	grammatical
k a p e	ungrammatical
dʒ o j ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ v e	ungrammatical
n u s o	grammatical
b y p i	ungrammatical
f ɯ v a	grammatical
h a ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ u ɟ e	ungrammatical
b ø h e	grammatical
j ø t a	ungrammatical
ɟ i j ɯ	ungrammatical
t a ɡ i	ungrammatical
k e ɟ a	ungrammatical
v o f ɯ	ungrammatical
k a l ø	ungrammatical
k a v ɯ	grammatical
v ɯ m a	grammatical
ʎ a dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ y v ø	grammatical
r u b a	grammatical
n ɯ z i	ungrammatical
k ø m a	ungrammatical
z ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a ɟ i	ungrammatical
m i s e	grammatical
ʃ u ʒ y	ungrammatical
k i n ɯ	ungrammatical
k u s e	ungrammatical
r ɯ k e	ungrammatical
v u h a	grammatical
f y ʃ a	ungrammatical
ʃ e m ø	grammatical
m o s i	ungrammatical
f u v i	ungrammatical
z o p a	grammatical
z a d ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i l ɯ	ungrammatical
h e m i	grammatical
j e k u	ungrammatical
s e j e	grammatical
b ø dʒ e	grammatical
s a m ø	ungrammatical
d u r e	ungrammatical
ɟ e l e	grammatical
d ø v u	ungrammatical
d a z a	grammatical
d a ʃ o	grammatical
k i d ø	grammatical
v o dʒ e	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʃ ø	grammatical
p y j u	ungrammatical
dʒ y h u	ungrammatical
d e b o	ungrammatical
m o p ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a v a	grammatical
d o ʎ u	grammatical
z a ɡ y	ungrammatical
n i t e	grammatical
n ɯ tʃ e	ungrammatical
v y f a	ungrammatical
r i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d i j y	ungrammatical
p u tʃ u	grammatical
v u f a	grammatical
ʃ o r e	ungrammatical
r a f o	grammatical
ɡ i k ø	grammatical
k e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
l ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
v i dʒ ø	grammatical
ʃ i t o	ungrammatical
p u d ɯ	ungrammatical
p i m e	grammatical
tʃ o tʃ a	grammatical
j e j y	ungrammatical
ʎ o ɟ a	grammatical
f u m ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ f a	grammatical
dʒ ø v i	ungrammatical
ʃ i r y	ungrammatical
v i p o	ungrammatical
l u ʃ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø r a	ungrammatical
ʃ u m y	ungrammatical
l ɯ m y	ungrammatical
r y ʃ ø	grammatical
t u n y	ungrammatical
ɡ u h y	ungrammatical
m u n y	ungrammatical
v ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ e s ø	grammatical
ʒ u d e	ungrammatical
m i k o	ungrammatical
p o s o	grammatical
ɡ e m e	grammatical
dʒ u v a	grammatical
m u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n a ɟ u	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ l a	grammatical
p y z ɯ	ungrammatical
z u j a	grammatical
tʃ i s i	grammatical
tʃ y ɟ y	grammatical
h ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
z o n a	grammatical
dʒ a t i	ungrammatical
j o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u h a	grammatical
l ø r y	grammatical
l a tʃ a	grammatical
r ø p y	grammatical
t i p ø	grammatical
k a z a	grammatical
k y ɟ ø	grammatical
p i s ø	grammatical
m i k ɯ	ungrammatical
v o r u	grammatical
dʒ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
z y z i	ungrammatical
l a d i	ungrammatical
s e dʒ e	grammatical
j ɯ t u	ungrammatical
t ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h e ʃ i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ k i	ungrammatical
l u b y	ungrammatical
ɡ e dʒ a	ungrammatical
b e ʎ o	ungrammatical
h u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v y ʃ y	grammatical
ɡ y j e	grammatical
p y b u	ungrammatical
b e h i	grammatical
ʃ o d a	grammatical
d e p y	ungrammatical
j o ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɟ e p e	grammatical
ʃ u ɡ y	ungrammatical
tʃ ø p y	grammatical
ɡ ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f o ʃ a	grammatical
f y ʃ o	ungrammatical
m u t i	ungrammatical
h u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
j o p ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
n ø k i	ungrammatical
f a s e	ungrammatical
l u ʒ e	ungrammatical
l u j y	ungrammatical
s a j o	grammatical
ɡ u k e	ungrammatical
ʎ ø v e	grammatical
ɟ i t ɯ	ungrammatical
d o h e	ungrammatical
n e s ø	grammatical
s y dʒ e	grammatical
t o ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʒ y ɡ a	ungrammatical
ɡ a v i	ungrammatical
ɡ u ɡ e	ungrammatical
p y ʒ e	grammatical
j u h u	grammatical
ʒ o r u	grammatical
r u t a	grammatical
k ɯ r o	grammatical
tʃ u ɡ u	grammatical
r e m ø	grammatical
ɟ i ɟ ø	grammatical
t u z ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
t a h a	grammatical
t a ɟ o	grammatical
ɡ y f o	ungrammatical
s ø p u	ungrammatical
h y n u	ungrammatical
v e ʒ a	ungrammatical
r a t i	ungrammatical
k o z a	grammatical
s e h e	grammatical
b ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ d i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ o ʒ u	grammatical
k ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ a p a	grammatical
l o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
f i s o	ungrammatical
t a k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø d o	ungrammatical
k o r ɯ	ungrammatical
n i n ɯ	ungrammatical
j i r y	ungrammatical
f ø n e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ j o	grammatical
n y d e	grammatical
ʎ u ʒ u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ j i	ungrammatical
t ø tʃ y	grammatical
tʃ u ɡ e	ungrammatical
k u t u	grammatical
tʃ o h ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʒ a	ungrammatical
l y ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ a k y	ungrammatical
p y r a	ungrammatical
r i ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ i s u	ungrammatical
d u v u	grammatical
d u h y	ungrammatical
m ɯ f i	ungrammatical
j u z i	ungrammatical
s y r a	ungrammatical
k i ʃ i	grammatical
n ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
t y ʎ o	ungrammatical
v a s u	ungrammatical
dʒ e t i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ v y	ungrammatical
k i r a	ungrammatical
f o r i	ungrammatical
ʒ o b a	grammatical
p ɯ n e	ungrammatical
tʃ e m ø	grammatical
tʃ u v ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ o s ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e b y	ungrammatical
ʎ y n y	grammatical
ʃ u k i	ungrammatical
b i k e	grammatical
tʃ o f o	grammatical
l y v i	ungrammatical
v a l u	ungrammatical
h y ɟ e	grammatical
d u ʃ e	ungrammatical
m ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
r a t u	ungrammatical
z a k a	grammatical
m u f y	ungrammatical
l u z e	ungrammatical
ʃ ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
b a t e	ungrammatical
r ø tʃ a	ungrammatical
ʎ y dʒ e	grammatical
t e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i p e	grammatical
ɡ a z ɯ	grammatical
v ɯ ʃ e	ungrammatical
n ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
k o t o	grammatical
ʒ a ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ ø f y	grammatical
v u t u	grammatical
ʃ ø k a	ungrammatical
ʎ a z a	grammatical
n y l ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø s y	grammatical
v ø m y	grammatical
p o n a	grammatical
ʃ ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
v a n i	ungrammatical
t ø ʒ e	grammatical
n i v o	ungrammatical
m a n y	ungrammatical
f ø ʃ ø	grammatical
k ø ʒ a	ungrammatical
n i b ɯ	ungrammatical
s i ʎ e	grammatical
n e b o	ungrammatical
tʃ i s e	grammatical
m o h ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø f ø	grammatical
z y r ø	grammatical
f y j a	ungrammatical
p i v i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ m y	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
b i ʒ a	ungrammatical
tʃ y p ɯ	ungrammatical
f i s i	grammatical
dʒ i j u	ungrammatical
d a r a	grammatical
b ø b i	ungrammatical
t o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o v o	grammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
p i j i	grammatical
j i s ø	grammatical
f i ʒ i	grammatical
v u l a	grammatical
f e z u	ungrammatical
ʎ u s y	ungrammatical
p u ʎ u	grammatical
s i z ɯ	ungrammatical
s u ɡ i	ungrammatical
j i b u	ungrammatical
ʎ e ʃ i	grammatical
s a s ɯ	grammatical
dʒ i b y	ungrammatical
dʒ y dʒ y	grammatical
p u k u	grammatical
m u ʎ a	grammatical
d ø f y	grammatical
j y t i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø z o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ m o	grammatical
j y ʎ ø	grammatical
m e f u	ungrammatical
d i r a	ungrammatical
h i d u	ungrammatical
v y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
l e ʃ i	grammatical
j u r e	ungrammatical
dʒ i n ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i l o	ungrammatical
h y v ɯ	ungrammatical
z i ʒ i	grammatical
h ɯ h a	grammatical
p i k ɯ	ungrammatical
j a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
z a b u	ungrammatical
l ø d o	ungrammatical
z ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
n ø f y	grammatical
r e ɟ ø	grammatical
v e s ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø b a	ungrammatical
ɟ e v y	ungrammatical
n ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
b ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø v ø	grammatical
m ɯ z y	ungrammatical
t o t o	grammatical
s e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s i tʃ i	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
f e p y	ungrammatical
d ø n ø	grammatical
tʃ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o ɟ u	grammatical
ʎ e dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ u k e	ungrammatical
d i h a	ungrammatical
k ø j ø	grammatical
b a ʎ u	ungrammatical
n ø s y	grammatical
s u tʃ a	grammatical
m ø ʒ a	ungrammatical
f u j ø	ungrammatical
d a k ɯ	grammatical
h ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
p o n ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø z ø	grammatical
b e t u	ungrammatical
n y ʃ a	ungrammatical
ʎ ø p u	ungrammatical
h u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
p a dʒ e	ungrammatical
n u h ø	ungrammatical
k e r ø	grammatical
l ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
b u t ø	ungrammatical
h i ɡ y	ungrammatical
f ɯ d e	ungrammatical
t o b e	ungrammatical
f a dʒ o	grammatical
z u p ɯ	ungrammatical
p e ɟ a	ungrammatical
f ø m o	ungrammatical
ɟ u ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɟ i k a	ungrammatical
s u r a	grammatical
ɡ i n a	ungrammatical
f u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
z e dʒ u	ungrammatical
z o ʎ u	grammatical
l o t e	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
p u j e	ungrammatical
r i ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
dʒ a l u	ungrammatical
k u r a	grammatical
ɡ o dʒ u	grammatical
ʒ ø l e	grammatical
p a j o	grammatical
k a b o	grammatical
l y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
n u l o	grammatical
ɟ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u r i	ungrammatical
v e j a	ungrammatical
ʎ o p e	ungrammatical
tʃ o p y	ungrammatical
z e ʒ ø	grammatical
r e l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
t e ʎ ø	grammatical
h i ʃ i	grammatical
f o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
p u m a	grammatical
ɟ ø p e	grammatical
n i t y	ungrammatical
j ɯ z i	ungrammatical
r y ɟ u	ungrammatical
tʃ u z i	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɡ ø	grammatical
l o z a	grammatical
b a d o	grammatical
r i r e	grammatical
r e l ø	grammatical
m y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø p e	grammatical
d ɯ n e	ungrammatical
ʃ i m e	grammatical
k i v e	grammatical
ɡ a ʒ o	grammatical
n i ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɟ y ɡ y	grammatical
ɡ u z i	ungrammatical
m a b a	grammatical
dʒ i s ɯ	ungrammatical
f i f i	grammatical
d u z y	ungrammatical
v ø l i	ungrammatical
s a ɡ i	ungrammatical
s ɯ s i	ungrammatical
v i s o	ungrammatical
l o m e	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ɟ o	grammatical
h ø l ø	grammatical
b a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
p a b ɯ	grammatical
s o tʃ e	ungrammatical
ʃ o z i	ungrammatical
b y ʎ o	ungrammatical
j i p o	ungrammatical
k ø v y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ j o	grammatical
z o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
d y h i	ungrammatical
f e h o	ungrammatical
p ø r a	ungrammatical
dʒ e p i	grammatical
ʎ ø d i	ungrammatical
d ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
l y n o	ungrammatical
n i z e	grammatical
ʒ o p i	ungrammatical
d a j ɯ	grammatical
ɡ o l i	ungrammatical
l a k y	ungrammatical
ʒ i k ø	grammatical
h y ʎ a	ungrammatical
h o l o	grammatical
v y j y	grammatical
d ɯ l e	ungrammatical
p u ʎ i	ungrammatical
d u f ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
l a k a	grammatical
s a ʃ i	ungrammatical
r o tʃ u	grammatical
d u s i	ungrammatical
ɡ i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
f u t e	ungrammatical
h a ɡ y	ungrammatical
m o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h y f ø	grammatical
dʒ y ʒ o	ungrammatical
b a h o	grammatical
v i p y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ r a	grammatical
f ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
r ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ h o	grammatical
ʎ i ɟ a	ungrammatical
d ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ z u	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ l a	grammatical
dʒ o n y	ungrammatical
j e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
n e dʒ u	ungrammatical
tʃ e j i	grammatical
d o ɡ o	grammatical
b y r u	ungrammatical
p a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
m ɯ l i	ungrammatical
f ø j e	grammatical
b i n e	grammatical
f e v a	ungrammatical
j o tʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʎ o	ungrammatical
f y n u	ungrammatical
s a r a	grammatical
t i v u	ungrammatical
z ø d u	ungrammatical
j u ʃ o	grammatical
b ɯ p i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø f y	grammatical
j ø ʒ a	ungrammatical
v y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d u m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o tʃ i	ungrammatical
t u v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y n ø	grammatical
ɟ ø d i	ungrammatical
p i j ɯ	ungrammatical
b i ɟ i	grammatical
ʒ o j ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ j u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø t u	ungrammatical
s e h u	ungrammatical
r ɯ tʃ o	grammatical
ɡ i r e	grammatical
ɡ a p o	grammatical
j o d a	grammatical
m e ʒ y	ungrammatical
v y m o	ungrammatical
j o s o	grammatical
b a v y	ungrammatical
v ø f ø	grammatical
s o r ɯ	ungrammatical
b o b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø z e	grammatical
f u l ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u ʃ o	grammatical
k a m a	grammatical
n u p ɯ	ungrammatical
b u l o	grammatical
r u ʃ o	grammatical
ʎ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
n u dʒ u	grammatical
b a k ø	ungrammatical
z a dʒ i	ungrammatical
b y n y	grammatical
ʒ i ʃ o	ungrammatical
j ɯ p e	ungrammatical
ʎ i dʒ y	ungrammatical
j ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
n u t u	grammatical
v e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
t y s o	ungrammatical
z ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
d i k e	grammatical
ɡ u s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y s ø	grammatical
b e s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i s ø	grammatical
ʃ a ʎ a	grammatical
m ø ʎ ø	grammatical
f o ɡ y	ungrammatical
b ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
t u b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø n o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ j a	grammatical
v e dʒ ø	grammatical
r ɯ l u	ungrammatical
k a b a	grammatical
t o l i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ l e	ungrammatical
r y r y	grammatical
ɡ a dʒ e	ungrammatical
m e n ɯ	ungrammatical
z i r a	ungrammatical
n u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r ø b u	ungrammatical
v a ɟ e	ungrammatical
v y h e	grammatical
s a f a	grammatical
ʎ u ɟ a	grammatical
v ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i b y	ungrammatical
l u r ø	ungrammatical
j y z a	ungrammatical
j o ʃ o	grammatical
d a dʒ a	grammatical
f y ɡ e	grammatical
k u s i	ungrammatical
t o h y	ungrammatical
d o d ø	ungrammatical
p i m ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ h e	ungrammatical
ɟ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
m i z a	ungrammatical
p u b y	ungrammatical
l ɯ b u	ungrammatical
r u j ø	ungrammatical
d i h y	ungrammatical
ʒ o dʒ y	ungrammatical
z o ʃ o	grammatical
b ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ m i	ungrammatical
j o z ɯ	ungrammatical
b i l ɯ	ungrammatical
r o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n ø h o	ungrammatical
s u t o	grammatical
ɟ u r ɯ	ungrammatical
m o j i	ungrammatical
v ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
j u s o	grammatical
tʃ i ʒ o	ungrammatical
z o v ɯ	ungrammatical
p e h ø	grammatical
d y d y	grammatical
ʎ ø z e	grammatical
ʒ u dʒ i	ungrammatical
s y z i	ungrammatical
b e ʃ a	ungrammatical
z o ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ i tʃ o	ungrammatical
n a dʒ o	grammatical
l ɯ m a	grammatical
k ø tʃ ø	grammatical
b e z e	grammatical
n ø h i	ungrammatical
z e tʃ e	grammatical
r ø l a	ungrammatical
h e ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ i r u	ungrammatical
r ø v ø	grammatical
s ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ ɡ o	grammatical
dʒ u v ø	ungrammatical
d y s a	ungrammatical
f y z e	grammatical
r ø b i	ungrammatical
v e tʃ y	ungrammatical
h o f o	grammatical
m e ʎ i	grammatical
f o dʒ y	ungrammatical
f e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r o k o	grammatical
dʒ u v o	grammatical
ʎ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
m ø ʃ ø	grammatical
k u ʎ a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
n u b o	grammatical
dʒ u dʒ e	ungrammatical
h ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
z ø n ø	grammatical
j y p o	ungrammatical
ʃ y ʎ a	ungrammatical
f ɯ s o	grammatical
h ɯ j a	grammatical
j i d e	grammatical
tʃ a f e	ungrammatical
l o v a	grammatical
z e j a	ungrammatical
d i ʃ i	grammatical
j ɯ p a	grammatical
f u d i	ungrammatical
t ø f y	grammatical
j i ʎ o	ungrammatical
m e tʃ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ j o	grammatical
p y ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ a l y	ungrammatical
j a v i	ungrammatical
d i t ø	grammatical
v a ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ a b y	ungrammatical
v ɯ s o	grammatical
ʎ y ʎ a	ungrammatical
l a f ɯ	grammatical
t y h e	grammatical
b u m u	grammatical
ʎ u h a	grammatical
p u l i	ungrammatical
v o p o	grammatical
ʃ e v ø	grammatical
d e v y	ungrammatical
f o f ɯ	ungrammatical
n i ɟ a	ungrammatical
t i p o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ z i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø b ø	grammatical
dʒ ø s a	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɟ a	ungrammatical
n e n y	ungrammatical
s o d ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ k y	ungrammatical
d u tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ i ɟ i	grammatical
tʃ ø v o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
s o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
b a m a	grammatical
l a tʃ e	ungrammatical
h i v o	ungrammatical
n a h y	ungrammatical
s ø ɟ ø	grammatical
z o p e	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ s o	grammatical
ɟ o ɡ e	ungrammatical
ɟ y k ø	grammatical
s i ʃ a	ungrammatical
dʒ e s e	grammatical
ʎ u r ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ b e	ungrammatical
p u d a	grammatical
z ø dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ y ʃ a	ungrammatical
f u j e	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɟ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʒ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø f y	grammatical
h o n i	ungrammatical
s ø p i	ungrammatical
s ɯ z a	grammatical
l ɯ r y	ungrammatical
ʎ u s ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u m y	ungrammatical
v u p u	grammatical
t ø b i	ungrammatical
p e h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y z ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a v a	grammatical
m y p e	grammatical
v e r ø	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ a	ungrammatical
k a ɡ i	ungrammatical
b y dʒ o	ungrammatical
b y f a	ungrammatical
n ɯ h u	ungrammatical
s ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
z o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
n a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
l o ɟ u	grammatical
p ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a l ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɡ a	ungrammatical
s e ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ u ʃ a	grammatical
tʃ i tʃ a	ungrammatical
b e tʃ e	grammatical
v e ʒ y	ungrammatical
p e s ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
z i n o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø k i	ungrammatical
b o ɟ u	grammatical
ʒ u l a	grammatical
ʃ o d i	ungrammatical
n e ʎ o	ungrammatical
f y k a	ungrammatical
s e ʎ u	ungrammatical
ɡ o dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ u r i	ungrammatical
d ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
n u t ɯ	ungrammatical
h o k a	grammatical
d y ɡ o	ungrammatical
f y ɟ y	grammatical
v ɯ f y	ungrammatical
t i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r y v e	grammatical
tʃ a n u	ungrammatical
t u r ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
d ɯ z i	ungrammatical
m e tʃ ø	grammatical
ɡ o m i	ungrammatical
m a z y	ungrammatical
ʒ o l a	grammatical
h a p ø	ungrammatical
m o ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ u b ɯ	ungrammatical
t a m o	grammatical
d ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
l u k i	ungrammatical
p y z ø	grammatical
p ø j y	grammatical
dʒ y m o	ungrammatical
m ɯ n o	grammatical
h ɯ m a	grammatical
r e p u	ungrammatical
ɡ y j a	ungrammatical
ʎ y r a	ungrammatical
r a tʃ a	grammatical
v y l ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø ɡ y	grammatical
s y s a	ungrammatical
n ɯ b e	ungrammatical
b a ɡ o	grammatical
p i h y	ungrammatical
ɟ i dʒ a	ungrammatical
n a f o	grammatical
s i r y	ungrammatical
v i r i	grammatical
m y b o	ungrammatical
n o b a	grammatical
t a r ø	ungrammatical
k y z ø	grammatical
p o v i	ungrammatical
s e ɟ i	grammatical
f a dʒ u	ungrammatical
n a f ɯ	grammatical
dʒ e j i	grammatical
ʎ a d u	ungrammatical
dʒ i f o	ungrammatical
f a ɟ i	ungrammatical
p i ʒ u	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʒ a d e	ungrammatical
d u b a	grammatical
h i j y	ungrammatical
z y k i	ungrammatical
t i h ø	grammatical
b i dʒ i	grammatical
v ø h a	ungrammatical
j o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
d i s i	grammatical
ʎ u b e	ungrammatical
s o tʃ y	ungrammatical
v i t y	ungrammatical
k u p i	ungrammatical
v i l u	ungrammatical
s a k ɯ	grammatical
p a n ɯ	grammatical
ʒ u ʎ u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ t a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
z ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
p ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɡ e	grammatical
v y m y	grammatical
s o h a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ a h y	ungrammatical
dʒ u k y	ungrammatical
p u j o	grammatical
b y l e	grammatical
t y s i	ungrammatical
tʃ y p u	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ h a	grammatical
b u m i	ungrammatical
ɟ i t u	ungrammatical
ʎ e z ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y t e	grammatical
h o ʎ o	grammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ u l i	ungrammatical
j o dʒ a	grammatical
b o f a	grammatical
j a t e	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʒ ø	grammatical
ɡ u ɡ o	grammatical
b u l ø	ungrammatical
p y d ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ f i	ungrammatical
ʃ o ɡ i	ungrammatical
k o v o	grammatical
r ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ a n ɯ	grammatical
k e p e	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ e	ungrammatical
tʃ ø r y	grammatical
t i k i	grammatical
t e l a	ungrammatical
f ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
f e z e	grammatical
l ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʎ i tʃ e	grammatical
l o b ɯ	ungrammatical
s o z o	grammatical
m ø k u	ungrammatical
b ɯ n a	grammatical
f ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
f e t o	ungrammatical
b ɯ m i	ungrammatical
r i z e	grammatical
b e m ɯ	ungrammatical
d o tʃ a	grammatical
r i n i	grammatical
n ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ u t i	ungrammatical
z y s e	grammatical
ɡ u v o	grammatical
ʃ o ɟ u	grammatical
m o b ɯ	ungrammatical
m e t e	grammatical
p a ʒ u	ungrammatical
r ɯ dʒ e	ungrammatical
m i t u	ungrammatical
ɡ i t o	ungrammatical
j e ɡ i	grammatical
n ø ɡ ø	grammatical
ʒ a h u	ungrammatical
m o ɡ y	ungrammatical
h y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʎ o	grammatical
j ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ s o	grammatical
m u p i	ungrammatical
z u f ø	ungrammatical
z e r o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø n u	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ p a	grammatical
f ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
z e r ø	grammatical
p a h ø	ungrammatical
v e tʃ ø	grammatical
n u m e	ungrammatical
p u r u	grammatical
p y m i	ungrammatical
d e ɡ o	ungrammatical
p u ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʎ e d u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø r o	ungrammatical
ɟ a v ɯ	grammatical
j y tʃ y	grammatical
ʒ ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
d u l a	grammatical
m a p e	ungrammatical
ʒ y ɟ i	ungrammatical
r ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
n y ʎ i	ungrammatical
v ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
v o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø r u	ungrammatical
z ɯ tʃ e	ungrammatical
l u z o	grammatical
j i dʒ y	ungrammatical
b e k o	ungrammatical
n ɯ r o	grammatical
s y r e	grammatical
ʎ y b a	ungrammatical
ʒ e n e	grammatical
t o m i	ungrammatical
ʎ a j a	grammatical
r i tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ o k e	ungrammatical
z ɯ d y	ungrammatical
ʒ e j ø	grammatical
j i j e	grammatical
n y n y	grammatical
n a t ɯ	grammatical
n u z ɯ	ungrammatical
s u j y	ungrammatical
s ɯ m e	ungrammatical
p y ɟ o	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
d ø s e	grammatical
dʒ e n y	ungrammatical
d ø b y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ m e	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɟ i tʃ o	ungrammatical
j ɯ j e	ungrammatical
h e j a	ungrammatical
h i dʒ a	ungrammatical
v e t y	ungrammatical
z i l ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
h e n e	grammatical
p o ʎ o	grammatical
m ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
f o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u tʃ u	grammatical
k i b i	grammatical
ɡ e s o	ungrammatical
j ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
f i ʎ ø	grammatical
tʃ u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e s u	ungrammatical
dʒ y s e	grammatical
s u r i	ungrammatical
h ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
t o h a	grammatical
dʒ y s u	ungrammatical
k a r y	ungrammatical
j a v y	ungrammatical
ʒ e j y	ungrammatical
r i tʃ a	ungrammatical
m e tʃ u	ungrammatical
k y t y	grammatical
dʒ e d i	grammatical
dʒ a ʃ a	grammatical
n e ʃ a	ungrammatical
s ɯ t o	grammatical
d e v u	ungrammatical
b u r y	ungrammatical
b a ɟ a	grammatical
tʃ u ʃ u	grammatical
dʒ y ɡ o	ungrammatical
d o ʃ i	ungrammatical
r a dʒ e	ungrammatical
k o d e	ungrammatical
h a v o	grammatical
z e n ø	grammatical
j i ʎ ø	grammatical
l i h e	grammatical
m ɯ m u	ungrammatical
v y ɟ ø	grammatical
f a tʃ a	grammatical
z y ʎ a	ungrammatical
ʎ i h i	grammatical
k e ʃ ø	grammatical
j y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
j u dʒ e	ungrammatical
z o f i	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʃ e	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʃ o	grammatical
l ɯ t u	ungrammatical
z o p ɯ	ungrammatical
f u k ɯ	ungrammatical
d u t a	grammatical
p a h ɯ	grammatical
b y ɡ a	ungrammatical
ʒ o r e	ungrammatical
p y m ɯ	ungrammatical
z e l a	ungrammatical
d a r y	ungrammatical
l i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
t o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y v a	ungrammatical
s ø dʒ ø	grammatical
l ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
d o l o	grammatical
h i n o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø m ø	grammatical
ʒ i b e	grammatical
p e ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ y t ø	grammatical
b u ɟ o	grammatical
b o d u	grammatical
d ɯ s i	ungrammatical
s e z e	grammatical
d ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
n ø n u	ungrammatical
n e ʎ e	grammatical
r u r i	ungrammatical
d ɯ m u	ungrammatical
n ø l e	grammatical
d e f y	ungrammatical
ʎ y t y	grammatical
b ɯ t u	ungrammatical
n u h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
z i d a	ungrammatical
h o k e	ungrammatical
ʎ e l o	ungrammatical
v o l y	ungrammatical
p u z e	ungrammatical
v ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ɟ a p e	ungrammatical
ʎ e m ø	grammatical
ʃ ɯ p a	grammatical
ʎ a h ɯ	grammatical
ʒ y k u	ungrammatical
f a ɡ i	ungrammatical
v ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
j a ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ a k o	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ o	grammatical
j ø l u	ungrammatical
v i n i	grammatical
ʒ ɯ b u	ungrammatical
ʎ y s o	ungrammatical
ɟ i l a	ungrammatical
f y b y	grammatical
ʎ ø d ø	grammatical
z u ʎ u	grammatical
ɟ i m a	ungrammatical
ɡ u l ø	ungrammatical
m u ɡ a	grammatical
h i b o	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʃ a	ungrammatical
r y k i	ungrammatical
b ø t u	ungrammatical
n i d e	grammatical
f o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u d u	grammatical
n ɯ f e	ungrammatical
dʒ y j ɯ	ungrammatical
t u f y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ɡ e	grammatical
h y ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ u k e	ungrammatical
b y h e	grammatical
t y ɡ o	ungrammatical
j e h u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
n ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
z u l i	ungrammatical
ʃ o f y	ungrammatical
dʒ o j ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u v e	ungrammatical
v e p y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ b u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø p e	grammatical
m y n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a d o	grammatical
j y z i	ungrammatical
r e ɟ i	grammatical
ʎ e s i	grammatical
tʃ a v e	ungrammatical
ʒ e p e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n o	grammatical
v ø h u	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʎ y	grammatical
f e z a	ungrammatical
m a ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ a n u	ungrammatical
tʃ y f y	grammatical
ʒ ø f a	ungrammatical
t ø p o	ungrammatical
j y z e	grammatical
ɟ u r y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ o h i	ungrammatical
l u ʒ a	grammatical
ʃ i p i	grammatical
b i ʎ e	grammatical
l ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
k ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
p u m u	grammatical
ɟ i ɡ y	ungrammatical
r o ʒ i	ungrammatical
v u j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u j a	grammatical
n ø s u	ungrammatical
k e s y	ungrammatical
f a k i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø dʒ ø	grammatical
l ɯ ɡ o	grammatical
b y tʃ u	ungrammatical
p y p ø	grammatical
n y tʃ u	ungrammatical
t y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b u b ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ d o	grammatical
k ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
h e k a	ungrammatical
v ø v o	ungrammatical
l ɯ d y	ungrammatical
l e ɟ ø	grammatical
ʒ u ʒ i	ungrammatical
p a k u	ungrammatical
b o ʎ i	ungrammatical
ʒ o k y	ungrammatical
r y h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a f e	ungrammatical
ɟ u f e	ungrammatical
v ø dʒ y	grammatical
t o l y	ungrammatical
f ø p ø	grammatical
n o n u	grammatical
l i v u	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʃ e h y	ungrammatical
m o s a	grammatical
j ø p i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø k e	grammatical
ʃ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b u h ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ m y	ungrammatical
v i n u	ungrammatical
s y v u	ungrammatical
h ø f a	ungrammatical
h i l y	ungrammatical
b u ʎ y	ungrammatical
b ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
d e r ø	grammatical
h e l a	ungrammatical
n o t y	ungrammatical
h y z i	ungrammatical
b a b e	ungrammatical
v ø k e	grammatical
m y l u	ungrammatical
j i dʒ a	ungrammatical
z o dʒ e	ungrammatical
j ɯ k e	ungrammatical
ʃ ø p o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ f o	grammatical
ʃ ø j y	grammatical
b o v e	ungrammatical
ʃ y z a	ungrammatical
d a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
t ø s u	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʒ o	ungrammatical
d ø m y	grammatical
k ø n i	ungrammatical
t y ɡ y	grammatical
b y b ɯ	ungrammatical
m e ɡ a	ungrammatical
dʒ ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
s y f u	ungrammatical
ʒ u tʃ u	grammatical
dʒ u f i	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʎ o	grammatical
dʒ a l o	grammatical
k ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
s i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a d ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ b i	ungrammatical
ɟ u ɡ o	grammatical
tʃ e s o	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ a n e	ungrammatical
k a k i	ungrammatical
z i f i	grammatical
t ø ɡ e	grammatical
b u ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
m ø v o	ungrammatical
h u k ø	ungrammatical
k u ɟ u	grammatical
p u m o	grammatical
ʎ y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
z a n a	grammatical
s e l ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ f o	grammatical
v u d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a z i	ungrammatical
z e d u	ungrammatical
ɟ y t o	ungrammatical
tʃ o z u	grammatical
m o v ø	ungrammatical
b i b ø	grammatical
r u s o	grammatical
tʃ e h u	ungrammatical
p i v y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
p i ʒ a	ungrammatical
s e ɡ o	ungrammatical
p o f o	grammatical
b ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ z e	ungrammatical
j e m ɯ	ungrammatical
l u m u	grammatical
p ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
r a ɡ y	ungrammatical
n e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
d i dʒ o	ungrammatical
z o h o	grammatical
j i ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ i ʃ ø	grammatical
dʒ ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
b i m u	ungrammatical
tʃ a p i	ungrammatical
l e l o	ungrammatical
ɟ o n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ e l i	grammatical
d e s a	ungrammatical
ɡ e m u	ungrammatical
k y s y	grammatical
s ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
s a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
d a d e	ungrammatical
l y z e	grammatical
p a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
v o v u	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ y	grammatical
p e p o	ungrammatical
ʒ u n y	ungrammatical
ɟ a k a	grammatical
d e s e	grammatical
k u b y	ungrammatical
ɟ e tʃ ø	grammatical
ɡ u r ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø s i	ungrammatical
v ø z o	ungrammatical
dʒ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
v i j u	ungrammatical
s ɯ b o	grammatical
ʒ a d a	grammatical
r a k i	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ f u	ungrammatical
t o n y	ungrammatical
f a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ e z u	ungrammatical
k e dʒ a	ungrammatical
r e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z i f e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʃ u	grammatical
p e p i	grammatical
b y t o	ungrammatical
v y s u	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɡ ø	grammatical
p ø d e	grammatical
j e ʎ u	ungrammatical
k o l y	ungrammatical
d o z a	grammatical
d i l y	ungrammatical
v o j ɯ	ungrammatical
b a dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ u p ɯ	ungrammatical
z u n ø	ungrammatical
z ø j o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø j u	ungrammatical
ʒ o h a	grammatical
m i p y	ungrammatical
n i tʃ y	ungrammatical
h i p y	ungrammatical
ɡ i j u	ungrammatical
t ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
h o ɟ e	ungrammatical
k u h y	ungrammatical
r y n y	grammatical
s e ɟ o	ungrammatical
tʃ a h a	grammatical
j y p e	grammatical
d a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
n ɯ s u	ungrammatical
s e ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ i tʃ ø	grammatical
tʃ i l ø	grammatical
r e f ø	grammatical
t y ʎ u	ungrammatical
r a p i	ungrammatical
b i ʎ u	ungrammatical
r ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø s i	ungrammatical
ʎ i ɟ ø	grammatical
ʒ a t o	grammatical
z ø z o	ungrammatical
j y t ø	grammatical
b ɯ n e	ungrammatical
n e j o	ungrammatical
n ɯ m y	ungrammatical
h o ʃ u	grammatical
n a d u	ungrammatical
m ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y b ø	grammatical
d a n i	ungrammatical
b i m ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ø t i	ungrammatical
l i dʒ u	ungrammatical
f ø f u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
ɡ i r a	ungrammatical
dʒ a d u	ungrammatical
f u b a	grammatical
tʃ o t e	ungrammatical
h o n o	grammatical
t ø j i	ungrammatical
p o s y	ungrammatical
l ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
s u dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z u k a	grammatical
tʃ i dʒ e	grammatical
b i v u	ungrammatical
ʎ o l u	grammatical
ʃ e k o	ungrammatical
s e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
h o dʒ e	ungrammatical
m ɯ b o	grammatical
k ɯ d a	grammatical
l ɯ v e	ungrammatical
v ɯ t i	ungrammatical
ɡ a v ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
n a d a	grammatical
p o b a	grammatical
ʒ i h u	ungrammatical
ʒ e p y	ungrammatical
ʒ a b i	ungrammatical
n u d a	grammatical
z o l u	grammatical
z o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
n y ɟ a	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
r ø n i	ungrammatical
h ɯ l y	ungrammatical
d a h o	grammatical
r y h u	ungrammatical
t ø z ø	grammatical
ɡ ø ʎ y	grammatical
r e ɟ u	ungrammatical
m ø f ø	grammatical
h ø ʎ a	ungrammatical
m o ʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i n y	ungrammatical
tʃ a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʒ e	ungrammatical
l u f e	ungrammatical
p o m a	grammatical
s u ɟ u	grammatical
z y dʒ i	ungrammatical
m ø ɡ ø	grammatical
d ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
s a j i	ungrammatical
z y ʒ y	grammatical
l u d ø	ungrammatical
p y ʎ u	ungrammatical
tʃ y tʃ ø	grammatical
k o l a	grammatical
ɟ a j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
t o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
h y j u	ungrammatical
ʒ y j u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ f o	grammatical
n u f y	ungrammatical
s u h a	grammatical
d i r y	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʃ u	grammatical
ʎ e f u	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
p e s y	ungrammatical
b e v a	ungrammatical
ʒ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
p e h y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʃ o	grammatical
dʒ o p a	grammatical
f u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ y k u	ungrammatical
t e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø m i	ungrammatical
s a dʒ u	ungrammatical
k i z a	ungrammatical
j ɯ z e	ungrammatical
ʒ i d o	ungrammatical
p e r e	grammatical
m ɯ h e	ungrammatical
s i s u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɡ y	grammatical
h u j e	ungrammatical
ɟ e t e	grammatical
s ɯ ʎ e	ungrammatical
ɡ i v u	ungrammatical
s a n o	grammatical
p e ɟ o	ungrammatical
f ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ o d u	grammatical
v y h o	ungrammatical
ɡ u k u	grammatical
tʃ i m e	grammatical
ʃ a b u	ungrammatical
t y r e	grammatical
z e k o	ungrammatical
r o s ø	ungrammatical
n a t u	ungrammatical
ɡ i p o	ungrammatical
ɟ u v ɯ	ungrammatical
p a ɡ e	ungrammatical
f e d a	ungrammatical
z e b y	ungrammatical
t i l ø	grammatical
m ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
dʒ o l ø	ungrammatical
b y ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʎ u	ungrammatical
p a ʃ o	grammatical
s ø h o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø l y	grammatical
m ɯ tʃ o	grammatical
v i f e	grammatical
j u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h a ʒ e	ungrammatical
ʒ a tʃ y	ungrammatical
l e b ɯ	ungrammatical
r o n ø	ungrammatical
f ø s y	grammatical
tʃ e l u	ungrammatical
ɡ e p ø	grammatical
dʒ u z ɯ	ungrammatical
b y k u	ungrammatical
k ɯ r i	ungrammatical
dʒ e m o	ungrammatical
ɟ y s ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ m y	ungrammatical
ʎ o dʒ o	grammatical
p ɯ v e	ungrammatical
m i n a	ungrammatical
r ɯ z u	ungrammatical
tʃ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ o	grammatical
j ɯ v u	ungrammatical
z ɯ f y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø p e	grammatical
ɟ e f o	ungrammatical
f u d a	grammatical
r i ʎ i	grammatical
k y dʒ ø	grammatical
ʎ e dʒ o	ungrammatical
r y z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i z o	ungrammatical
t ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
z o h ø	ungrammatical
p o ɡ o	grammatical
s i t ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u dʒ a	grammatical
d a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
r ɯ f y	ungrammatical
k y d u	ungrammatical
d u h ø	ungrammatical
r i m e	grammatical
m ø t o	ungrammatical
l ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o t ø	ungrammatical
j o l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʃ e p u	ungrammatical
z y n y	grammatical
ɡ e z ø	grammatical
ɟ i v i	grammatical
ʒ y ʃ o	ungrammatical
l i ʒ u	ungrammatical
j o f i	ungrammatical
j o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a v e	ungrammatical
h e t y	ungrammatical
b ɯ m o	grammatical
j i ɟ u	ungrammatical
dʒ a j o	grammatical
d ɯ s o	grammatical
ʃ ø f e	grammatical
ʃ e ʃ u	ungrammatical
z o n ɯ	ungrammatical
t e ʒ i	grammatical
h ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
b u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
z a f e	ungrammatical
ʃ ø h u	ungrammatical
t a z ø	ungrammatical
h i l a	ungrammatical
ʃ o s y	ungrammatical
l u r y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø j ø	grammatical
ʃ ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø f a	ungrammatical
ɟ i d i	grammatical
ʒ ø ʎ a	ungrammatical
t a j o	grammatical
t u s ø	ungrammatical
m u p a	grammatical
tʃ u t i	ungrammatical
h ø b y	grammatical
t ø b y	grammatical
b o s ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø j i	ungrammatical
ʃ u z e	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ u dʒ e	ungrammatical
ɡ o ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʒ o k e	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
ʒ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ø l u	ungrammatical
dʒ u dʒ o	grammatical
tʃ y b a	ungrammatical
t o s a	grammatical
p i d ø	grammatical
ʃ o p y	ungrammatical
r e ʃ ø	grammatical
v y m u	ungrammatical
b u s ø	ungrammatical
f i ʎ e	grammatical
h e s i	grammatical
k ø ʃ ø	grammatical
d u j y	ungrammatical
z i d ø	grammatical
ʃ u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a l y	ungrammatical
ɟ a f e	ungrammatical
b u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
z e v ø	grammatical
z o m u	grammatical
p a l ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r o ʎ e	ungrammatical
dʒ e v ɯ	ungrammatical
p u d e	ungrammatical
tʃ u r a	grammatical
ʃ u dʒ o	grammatical
tʃ u n i	ungrammatical
r a h o	grammatical
d ø k a	ungrammatical
ɡ y f a	ungrammatical
h e p ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ v i	ungrammatical
j o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
k a t i	ungrammatical
p e l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b o v ø	ungrammatical
h u v o	grammatical
ʎ u n i	ungrammatical
s u ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ a k i	ungrammatical
d u r a	grammatical
m y s y	grammatical
p ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ u l i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
b a k o	grammatical
m a v u	ungrammatical
n i r e	grammatical
p y n e	grammatical
r y tʃ y	grammatical
tʃ a v ø	ungrammatical
n o f u	grammatical
r u d u	grammatical
ɟ a t o	grammatical
n a ʒ o	grammatical
v o tʃ a	grammatical
z o k e	ungrammatical
m o ʃ a	grammatical
t ø d y	grammatical
p o tʃ a	grammatical
j u j ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø b y	grammatical
f y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ r a	grammatical
tʃ a r ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʎ u	ungrammatical
f i v y	ungrammatical
k i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l u m y	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɟ e	ungrammatical
b a z u	ungrammatical
h y l u	ungrammatical
r i v e	grammatical
j i z i	grammatical
z u d i	ungrammatical
p o v o	grammatical
t ø n o	ungrammatical
t u ɡ o	grammatical
v y dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ i ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ u b u	grammatical
s ø v e	grammatical
n i m y	ungrammatical
m ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
r ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e v ø	grammatical
s y tʃ e	grammatical
n y tʃ a	ungrammatical
ɡ y h y	grammatical
m ø k y	grammatical
f ø dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ i p o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
h i b y	ungrammatical
t y ɟ o	ungrammatical
l e h u	ungrammatical
l e ʃ y	ungrammatical
d e h a	ungrammatical
m y ʃ y	grammatical
p i b ø	grammatical
t y dʒ y	grammatical
ɡ o v u	grammatical
k i ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʎ y p u	ungrammatical
h e b a	ungrammatical
ʒ ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
z e ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ y k ø	grammatical
v e d u	ungrammatical
d ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
k u p u	grammatical
k o ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʒ e ʎ e	grammatical
s a ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ u t u	grammatical
dʒ y n e	grammatical
m ø h e	grammatical
dʒ u ʒ y	ungrammatical
t y z e	grammatical
f ø t y	grammatical
ɟ e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
f u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y z i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ o	grammatical
ʎ ø k o	ungrammatical
v y r a	ungrammatical
r i l i	grammatical
ʎ o h ø	ungrammatical
d ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
t y f y	grammatical
m ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
r a j o	grammatical
b i n ø	grammatical
ɡ a ʎ i	ungrammatical
s ɯ h i	ungrammatical
f e n e	grammatical
h a ɟ u	ungrammatical
h o ʃ a	grammatical
r ɯ ɟ o	grammatical
f a j a	grammatical
m a d a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ i p o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɡ e	ungrammatical
f i k ø	grammatical
tʃ a k ø	ungrammatical
m y f a	ungrammatical
k ø r i	ungrammatical
z ɯ m a	grammatical
n ɯ m u	ungrammatical
z o h u	grammatical
tʃ a t i	ungrammatical
ɡ y v i	ungrammatical
p ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i t ɯ	ungrammatical
b ø p o	ungrammatical
d a dʒ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
b ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f u p ø	ungrammatical
t i z o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ o m o	grammatical
n e j ø	grammatical
b ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h e t u	ungrammatical
d o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ r u	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʒ ø	grammatical
f y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s e j i	grammatical
p a r i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
h ɯ p u	ungrammatical
t y k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v i h e	grammatical
ʒ a ɡ e	ungrammatical
p ø d ø	grammatical
ʃ ø j e	grammatical
tʃ i f y	ungrammatical
tʃ o m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o t i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
t ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
m o b e	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʎ e	ungrammatical
z u l e	ungrammatical
v ɯ n u	ungrammatical
ʒ u l e	ungrammatical
ʃ i n o	ungrammatical
h i d y	ungrammatical
l ɯ f a	grammatical
r ø v u	ungrammatical
v ɯ r e	ungrammatical
j e t y	ungrammatical
b ø ɟ y	grammatical
b ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
l ø t u	ungrammatical
l ɯ b e	ungrammatical
s ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø f u	ungrammatical
t i t o	ungrammatical
n e k ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø t ø	grammatical
h e n ø	grammatical
d u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y k ɯ	ungrammatical
s u p ɯ	ungrammatical
b u h e	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ h i	ungrammatical
ʎ y r ø	grammatical
r ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
v y t e	grammatical
ʎ u j a	grammatical
j o tʃ u	grammatical
n a k ɯ	grammatical
j y h u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
d i j ɯ	ungrammatical
d u z o	grammatical
z u v u	grammatical
n u ʃ e	ungrammatical
h o ɟ o	grammatical
p ɯ b e	ungrammatical
z o z i	ungrammatical
n i s y	ungrammatical
r u s ø	ungrammatical
l e dʒ u	ungrammatical
p o m ø	ungrammatical
h a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
z y k e	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
m a r u	ungrammatical
k e s ɯ	ungrammatical
b y d o	ungrammatical
l ø v e	grammatical
k y tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r a p e	ungrammatical
b u v a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ f u	ungrammatical
h e d ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
b o dʒ o	grammatical
dʒ u ʃ a	grammatical
f u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
m y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u t o	grammatical
v ø n y	grammatical
s u ɟ a	grammatical
p a ʃ u	ungrammatical
s ɯ v e	ungrammatical
b i r u	ungrammatical
b u s o	grammatical
v ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ d u	ungrammatical
s e l u	ungrammatical
j ɯ r a	grammatical
p u ɟ e	ungrammatical
v a ʃ e	ungrammatical
h ɯ p e	ungrammatical
z u b ɯ	ungrammatical
n i dʒ y	ungrammatical
n e h o	ungrammatical
j o ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ i n u	ungrammatical
r a ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ u h u	grammatical
b o t a	grammatical
dʒ ø z i	ungrammatical
b o ɟ y	ungrammatical
p i l o	ungrammatical
dʒ y p y	grammatical
d u t e	ungrammatical
ʎ u t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u tʃ u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ e	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
s y b e	grammatical
dʒ u tʃ a	grammatical
j e d i	grammatical
k y f a	ungrammatical
t i ɡ y	ungrammatical
p a r y	ungrammatical
p e n y	ungrammatical
dʒ i r o	ungrammatical
p i k e	grammatical
m u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
s ø ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ u ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ a j ɯ	grammatical
dʒ i ɟ ø	grammatical
k y tʃ ø	grammatical
tʃ u m ø	ungrammatical
n u s ø	ungrammatical
k ø ʎ ø	grammatical
t e ʃ a	ungrammatical
ʎ i f y	ungrammatical
s i r e	grammatical
r e h a	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
b u b e	ungrammatical
t u z a	grammatical
p y h u	ungrammatical
f ɯ l y	ungrammatical
tʃ u tʃ i	ungrammatical
r e ʃ u	ungrammatical
t ø f o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø r u	ungrammatical
v u v ø	ungrammatical
j y ɡ a	ungrammatical
j e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɡ y d e	grammatical
z y ɟ e	grammatical
l ø f a	ungrammatical
f u v o	grammatical
p ɯ h o	grammatical
b e ɡ u	ungrammatical
h y n a	ungrammatical
j ø j u	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʃ o b ø	ungrammatical
t y k u	ungrammatical
n u ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ s u	ungrammatical
k e t o	ungrammatical
f ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
r e s y	ungrammatical
r o n a	grammatical
tʃ e ʒ y	ungrammatical
n ø t o	ungrammatical
s ɯ k i	ungrammatical
d y ʒ o	ungrammatical
m o m i	ungrammatical
n ɯ l a	grammatical
n e s e	grammatical
p o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
n o j i	ungrammatical
d o j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɡ u	ungrammatical
d ø h a	ungrammatical
b y d ø	grammatical
p u ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ z u	ungrammatical
d a z i	ungrammatical
ʎ u dʒ u	grammatical
s o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
j y f o	ungrammatical
k y ʎ i	ungrammatical
z i d u	ungrammatical
t ø l u	ungrammatical
f y f i	ungrammatical
m y ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʒ i k o	ungrammatical
dʒ e d ø	grammatical
z o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
t i s y	ungrammatical
s o v ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ t u	ungrammatical
ɟ e d u	ungrammatical
ʃ i b i	grammatical
j e v u	ungrammatical
z u f ɯ	ungrammatical
k o ɟ i	ungrammatical
l y n ɯ	ungrammatical
b o ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʎ i z i	grammatical
dʒ i j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʃ a	grammatical
d i ɟ i	grammatical
n ɯ b o	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ o	grammatical
ʒ ɯ k o	grammatical
d y n a	ungrammatical
z y n a	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ɟ e	ungrammatical
ɟ u s e	ungrammatical
ɟ i d ø	grammatical
p ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u r ø	ungrammatical
t a m e	ungrammatical
v i ɡ u	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
m ø j o	ungrammatical
v a l e	ungrammatical
ʎ u ɟ e	ungrammatical
r e t o	ungrammatical
m a ɟ i	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
